Hello friends, my name is Jai Sharma and
you are welcome to our
[sangeet]
Now friends, let's talk about what benefits the company gives you,
what are the similarities and differences between the two companies, so
friends, ICICI Lord is a
combination of ICICI and Farfex Finance, both the
companies work together in India, let's
talk about general insurance, so
ICICI and AG, both these companies
work together in India, in which ICICI Lord
and AG are Indian companies and Farfex and
AG are foreign companies, so both the
companies have a collaborator, both the companies
work in collaborator, they do not work alone, let's
talk about cashless, so friends,
if we talk about cashless, then
you get more than 12000 cashes, that
means all over India and friends, this
12000 that I am saying is
not only for vehicles, it is for two wheelers, for
vehicles, for commercial vehicles, that
means their all India tie-up is
about 12000 showroom tie-ups, let's talk about it  Talking about it,
TA has a tie-up
with more than 7500 service centers here, which means
you can get it very easily in the city, which means
you can get it in the remote rural areas,
but you will easily get SAC load, it will be
available anywhere.
Talking about road dept, Road Dept
gives you IC D for 7 years, while
talking about TA, Tata AIG also
gives you for 7 years, but the condition is that if
you make a claim in the fifth or sixth year, then
neither of the two companies will give you road dept.
You will get road dept only if there is NCB.
Talking about claim
settlement, there is not much difference.
Here IC LRD is at 97,
Tata EEG is at 98. Talking about
coverage, the coverage is also almost the same. You can take a
comprehensive policy, you
can take a third party policy, you can take an online policy,
you can take the same from AAA and
you can also purchase the same from TA.  Let's talk about
add-ons, then you will get a little difference in the add-ons
or
not much difference, you will get two-three covers
extra in IC L Parking but you will
not get them in Tata. Let's talk about Zero Dep
Kanju Mail Engine Cover, RTI, you are getting these
in Tata AS Lord as well. Let's
talk about tyre,
personal billing, garage cover,
here also you are getting tyre cover, you are getting
personal billing and
apart from that you are getting daily allowance, it is
similar to garage cover, there is
not much difference in garage cover, daily allowance. Let's talk about
replacement, NCB protection,
then you are getting both of these in Tata. You are getting
NC protection or
replacement, you get E protection
only in AC load, it is
not available in Tata. Let's talk about the way you drive, it
means if you drive your car less then
you will have to pay a little less premium as
compared to those people who
drive a lot. So
if you drive the car up to the limit set then
you will have to pay less premium annually as
compared to other people. So here you  You
can take it but PSU drive
is not available in Tata, let's talk about PA cover,
driver cover, passenger cover, you will get it
in LABA, you will get it in TA as well, so
what is the rough difference, the
difference is, IC of PA drive is available in LABA, but
not in TA,
IS load of EE protection is available, but not in TA,
but what extra will you get in TA,
emergency transport and hotel
expenses, you do not get these in AC LARD, you get
these in TA because
when your car breaks down, if you are in some other
city, if you stay there by
taking a room, then the company gives you ₹5000000
cap, even then the company gives you ₹5000000
[music]
so friends, if
you are taking comprehensive policy, then there are
unlimited claims in both, you
can take as many claims as you want in a year, twice, four times, six times,
whatever sharing will be there, it will be yours for both, whatever
percentage of the company will be, the company will pay
you, whatever percentage of yours will be on you
Let's talk about it here. If you are
taking a RO type policy, whether it is TA/
AG or ASI/LRD, both the
companies offer you two claims. You
can take RO top up to two claims. If you are
taking a third claim, then you will
get a comprehensive claim only and you will have to pay there on a sharing basis. If we
talk about the salvage charges, then the
salvage charges are levied on you in IC Loma at Rs.
5, but if we talk about TA/AG, then the
salvage charges in TA/AG are
absolutely zero, the
company does not charge you any salvage charges. If we
talk about the file charge, then the file
charge will be ₹000 if your vehicle is
less than 1500 cc. If your vehicle is
more than 1500 cc, then it will be ₹1000. So the
file charge is the same for both. Let's
talk about CNG. Apart from this,
electrical accessories or non-
electrical accessories,
whatever you want to add in all three conditions,
suppose you add CNG if
CNG is installed by the company.  So you do
not need to get it added, suppose whenever
you get CNG added in your vehicle, then
whatever is the value of CNG or
electrical accessories or non-
electrical accessories, you get any of these three
things added in your vehicle,
if you do not get it added then the company will
not give you the claim anyway, but if you get it added then only
you will get the claim, now whenever
you get it added then what charges will be levied in it,
they will be 4 per off value, whatever will be
its invoice, whatever will be its bill,
you will have to pay 4 per of that to the company,
suppose if the value of CG is 0000
40000, you got CG installed, your
confirmed bill is 400, then you will have to pay around ₹1 4 per
there, if we
talk about electrical or non-electrical
then suppose if your
value is ₹ lakh for electrical or non-electrical
then 000 means for example it is
not that it will be 1 lakh only, suppose if the
value of non-electrical
or electrical is 00, then your 4 per there  According to the rate,
you will have to pay more, the % of 00 will
be 800, so you will have to pay that there,
so your SEM is same in both the companies, at
4 here the company will charge you, at 4
here only, let's talk
about NCB, you will get NCB up to 50, there is
IRDA rule in both the companies, in this the
company has no role,
you get it every year, in the first year it is
zero, then you will get 20, then in the third year
you will get 25, then 35, then 45, then 50,
maximum 50, if you are
not taking a claim even above 50, then it will remain at 50, it will
not go above that, so this is not the company's rule,
this is the IRDA rule, so there will be
no changes here, as soon as you take a claim, it will
again become zero, then it will
start from zero again, let's talk about
what things do the companies cover when you take a policy, for which
things will the companies give you a claim, so
first of all let's talk about accidents, if
your car  If there is an accident then the company will
give you a claim, both the companies will
give you a claim there, if there is any natural calamity,
your car goes into water,
you get damaged due to flood or
a mountain breaks, you are going to the mountains and
you get damaged there, that is, if there is
any natural thing due to which you suffer
loss, then the company is liable there
and both the companies also pay you here, let's
talk about theft, if your car gets
stolen then the company pays you the amount as per your
ID or according to the return to
invoice you have taken, the
same thing
is applicable, then here if your
car catches fire then the company will pay you the full
amount which is of your ID
value or
whatever is your return to invoice, the
company will pay you that amount, the amount for which
you have bought the car, if you have taken RTI then the
company will pay you that amount there, so
these things will be covered by both the companies,
now let's talk about
what the companies do not cover, so first of all let's talk about
Companies do not cover V&T for end-year.
Whatever minor
scratches you get in your daily routine,
you travel, small things keep happening, then
companies do not cover them.
Drink and drive: If you
drive after drinking, then the company will not cover you.
You will have to pay all the expenses from your pocket.
The company does
not cover even mechanical breakdown. You will have to bear
any expenses yourself. If there is any problem
in your car, then it will have to pay for it itself.
It will pay only for these things. It will
not pay anything in mechanical matters. It will pay only
if there is an accident. Let's talk about loss due to war and nuclear risk. If
you are driving
without a license or if you are
below 18 years of age or your license has
expired, then the company is
not going to pay you anything. Let's talk about loss due to
war and nuclear risk. If there is any
war going on, if
any problem arises due to that, if any vehicle gets
damaged, then the company will not pay. Or if there is
any nuclear risk, then the
company is not liable there also. The company can
pay if it wants.  It can do it and if the company wants then it will not pay,
it completely
depends on the company. Let's talk about sports
activities, if you use your vehicle for
sports activities
then the company is not going to pay you anything, so
in both the conditions you will see there is
not much difference in both the companies, the
only difference you will get is the
salvage charges, salvage charges are charged to you for Rs.
5 in AC load and
here they are charged for Rs. 10 in Ta, so this is the
difference you will get, all the other things are going to be
similar, so friends this
difference in salvage charges is also a
big difference, I will give an example, suppose you got a
claim of Rs. 1 lakh in your vehicle
and there the part of your vehicle got changed for
around Rs. 1 lakh and the cost of
labour is around Rs. 10000, then on the part changed for Rs. 1 lakh,
you have to pay Rs. 5 and
you will have to pay around Rs. 7500 if the company
charges you Rs. 5, but if you
take a policy from Tata, then take a policy from Tata
But you have to pay only the file charges,
apart from that there are no other charges no matter
how big the bill is, you don't have to pay Rs.5 as savings there
or you have to pay Rs.5 as well and
here you will be charged Rs.1000 as file charge or
Rs.2000 as file charge but here
only Rs.1000 will be charged or there will be no annual charges,
this company can also bill you, it is
not that they will charge you, if there are some
surveys, if you talk to them and
request then they make it free also
but
in most of the cases they do not do it, so it is
better for you that you take a policy from Tata AI,
here you will be charged savings charges and
you will not face any problem for the whole year, Tata
is the number one company in India, so if it is
number one then Tata must have done something or the other
due to which it is number one,
I agree its service centers are a little less
than ICICI or other companies but
its service is top notch, it is an excellent
company, you can get insurance from Tata AI
but ICICI Lombard
is also no less in any way  IC Lombard is
no less than IC Lombard. If you want, you
can also get insurance from IC Lombard.
Before getting insurance from both the companies, first call your service
center and ask them
which company is cashless in your area and
which of the two companies will provide
you better service if you get insurance from them.
They will tell you
which company you should get insurance from. Now
friends, let's talk about support, if
you have taken the policy, then
what should you do if any problem arises,
friends,
after taking the policy of the company, you
can call on these numbers. If you
face any problem, you need to get any endorsement
or there is anything else, then you
can call on the company's number for that.
Apart from this, you can also email on the company's email ID. The
company's email ID is customer@i.com and that
of TA is customer@tata.com,
so you can also email on the company's customer care
and the company  You can also call and
talk about it, apart from that, visit the company's website,
icc.com is the website of icc and tata.com
is the website of tata, you
can visit both the websites for more information,
if you do not understand things then you can
also understand things by visiting the company's website, so
friends, today's video of mine
was about the comparison of ta IG and tata lmard,
so friends,
do tell us how you liked our video, if you liked the video then
like the video, subscribe to the channel
and if you think
that the video is helpful then
you can also share our video
[Music]
Thank you